hello how are you this time I'm going
to prepare some tamales of meat
pork right now I'm cooking the
meat still lacks a little
it's been more than 45 minutes
let's wait for it to cook
that this Thursday city blandita for
let it cool
and crumble the
here I have boiled a liter of oil what
I'm going to do with corn oil for health
if you want to add butter
forward this oil that boils and it
deflate to whisk the corn flour
we are also going to need
chile and forward here a few steps
use half a kilo of guajillo chile
I'm going to use
a kilo of corn flour
some chilitos de árbol
I'm going to use some chilitos de árbol es
A fist depends on how you want it
spicy and onion to liquefy since it is
and spread chili peppers
I'm going to add them with a little chili
grind to the blender and I'll liquefy them
with rajoy and onion to give them
taste
here is the driest I added 2
teaspoons of this powder powder for
bake and we will add 2 cups of
edible oil corn oil
of corn you have very fluffy
tamales I recommend it
we will add oil right now that
cut that gets cold and then friends the
procedure of the whipping of the
tamales already told you the other day
video of
rajas tamales with cheese there I have the
Whipping procedure because I'm going
to beat this dough this flour
and when I'm going to put the sauce
red
already be alive as
I already have hydrated hydrated leaves
of corn to make these tamales
we're going to need salt to taste for
to knead the corn flour is already carried
a good time spending it
it's time to add the ground chili
this pure guajillo chile is for you
flavor the dough
I'm using half a kilo but how
I'm going to double the double exposure
that's why for the stews I'm going to
make chicken that's why
with half a kilo but you can buy the
amount you want there depends on each
taste of the person
because you like it with the dough
other enchiladas with white dough
It depends on your taste
and this so that it comes out very fluffy nothing
more you have to discuss it very well the oil
of corn is very healthy and does not do so much
damage like butter
the body but because you want to do it
with butter forward
here I am making this dough that already
capita the return in a while for
and start making the tamales yet
I have to unload the meat
Back in a moment
already liquefy the tree chilies along with
the guajillo chiles with the factory that
I had
says the meat michelle I put him
ground pepper marjoram mill
such
and you're ready to
to start making the tamales
and smeared a soy
but that it looks good to see well
friends
friends because they also see us
nine names
some dislikes cooking recipes
we compare
and we put the stew
and then already
we roll up these are going to go
tie
margarito
good
I'm going to put them in this container here
to show us
I'm going to make another
When things are too small you can
splice the ace and put one envelope
other
so as not to waste
I hope that I get very rich these
Tamales
he tells us with a lot of love
already I had time ever that did not go to them
should
of meat
with a year I had
here is the scream the barrier that is
ready
term of smearing
go and tie the tamales and then they
I say
which other procedure follows
I already put the tamales in this pot
already crossed a grid of another ring
because it is not there is not a buoy
but you can fit many channels together
grid I put water
what is the use of leaving to take
and already how the tamales are going to be
when it starts to boil I learned it
when it starts to boil I'm going to lower it
the flame and I'll tell you about an hour and
half to two for what
come out very cooked and fluffy I'm going to
put it in the box
I'll wait for it to boil to come down
the bed
and so were our little tamalitos
pork very fluffy if juicy to see
let's try
very rich
delicious
you can accompany them with a coffee or
a champurrado if you like the recipe
please like it and if you do not wait for me
next video chao